My top 10 anime:

Shingeki no Kyojin - Attack on Titan / Wit Studio + MAPPA / broadcast year: 2013
Plot: Shingeki no Kyojin, also known as Attack on Titan is an dark fantasy anime that take place in a world where the very last few  humanity are forced to live in a city surrounded by 3 huge walls
to protect themselve from enourmous man-eating Titan. The story follows the path of Eren Yager, who vowed to exterminate every Titans that walk the Earth, and uncover the truth of the hidden world outside of the wall

My thoughts: Attack on Titan is a very binge worthy anime, it is famous for its amazing character and story development, even the side characters are focused and developed 
to an extent that seeing one died brought us pain and sorrow. Though the action scenes in the anime are one of the best action in anime, viewers are also overwhelmed with
the animation from the studios. Both studios did a good job bringing out the emotion of each character, and suck us into the flow of each battle, making us craving for more each
time an episode ended.

Rating: 10/10, would erase my memory to rewatch it again.

Akame Ga KILL! / Square Enix / broadcast year: 2012
Plot: Akame Ga Kill focus on Tatsumaki, a boy who set out to the Capital with his friends to find a way to earn money for their poor village. During his journey, he then
learnt about the dark side of the Capital, a place where he thought that can make every dream come true. A Monarchy system that is filled with corrupted nobles that opress
the poor to enrich themselve or simply to satisfy their selfish needs. After learning the truth, our main character then join forced with a rebel force whose vowed to 
end this corruption, one corrupted noble by one corrupted noble. 

My thoughts: Being produced by Square Enix, a famous japanese games and anime producer, it is quite understandable when the art in this anime is out of this world. Though the 
art of the anime is execellent, and each confrontation between each characters are memorable. I found what really captivate me is the story building and character development of the anime. For instance, in most anime, there are
usually 2 side battling each other, the justice force vs the evil force. But in Akame ga Kill, when the "justice" (The Capital army) fight will the "evil" (the rebel).
You will notice that the "good guy" will use every possible dirty tricks to be able to exterminate the "bad guy", like using civilians as hostage or meat shield, and many
other methods.

Rating: 8.5/10, Though I have rewatched it many times, I understand that this anime won't be everyone's cup of tea due to many brutal action scenes and many hidden
political statement throughout the anime. 

Black Lagoon / Madhouse / broadcast year: 2006
Plot: 

Kimetsu no Yaiba - Demon Slayer / Ufotable / broadcast year: 2015
Plot

One Punch Man / Madhouse / broadcast year: 2015
Plot

Full Metal Alchemist / Madman Entertainment - Funimation Entertainment / broadcast year: 2003
Plot

Kimi No Na Wa ( Your Name ) / CoMix Wave films / broadcast year: 2016 in Japan, 2017 in Vietnam
Plot

Mushoku Tensei~Isekai ittara Honki dasu~ - Jobless reincarnation / Studio Bind / broadcast year: 2021
Plot

Naruto / Studio Pierrot / broadcast year: 2002
Plot

Oregairu / 

